# Laser Cutting

## Background
Laser cutting is a technology that uses a laser to cut materials, and is typically used for industrial manufacturing applications, but is also starting to be used by schools, small businesses, and hobbyists. Laser cutting works by directing the output of a high-power laser most commonly through optics. The laser optics and CNC (computer numerical control) are used to direct the material or the laser beam generated. A typical commercial laser for cutting materials uses a motion control system to follow a CNC or G-code of the pattern to be cut onto the material. The focused laser beam is directed at the material, which then either melts, burns, vaporizes away, or is blown away by a jet of gas, leaving an edge with a high-quality surface finish. Industrial laser cutters are used to cut flat-sheet material as well as structural and piping materials.

## Gas (CO2) Laser Cutting
Gas (CO2) Laser Cutting relies on the laser power supply to drive the laser tube to emit light, through the refraction of several mirrors, so that the light is transmitted to the laser head, and then by the focusing mirror installed on the laser head to converge the light into a point, which can reach a very high temperature, so that the material instantly sublimated into a gas, sucked away by the extractor fan, which will achieve the purpose of cutting. The main gas filled in the laser tube used in general laser cutting machine is CO2, so this laser tube is called CO2 laser tube.

CO2 lasers are suitable for cutting, drilling and engraving and can be used for industrial cutting of many materials including titanium, stainless steel, mild steel, aluminum, plastics, wood, engineered wood, wax, fabric and paper.